all right everybody welcome to this claw
rias and full call on a lovely Monday
April 22nd let us go ahead and jump in
there's only a few of us today but he's
out on holiday but we have a slew of
notes that I will read you from
everybody else all right
so Alan is out today he finished works
on ok ours merged a bunch of ipfs
interrupts pr's released the go ipfs
dependency for the oda 4.20 ipfs release
did you working on async iterator work
is adding a board controller support for
the loopy to be WebSockets async/await
work and he's blocked on a couple PRS
that i'm gonna look at this week so
she'd get him unblocked early this week
and then he's going to finalize ok ours
work on the DHT work and then async
iterators work to do next is vmx looks
like he has a slew of IP LD format api
clean up ready for review so if you were
on IPL d he would love to have some
reviews Dirk is working on limiting
scope DHT queries and then this week
he'll work on implementing refs TenPoint
JSF EFS and then implementing the
jeaious Lippi to be DCP a single way
work next up is me last week we fixed
some issues that were causing ipfs
interrupts ergo test to fail on firefox
some odd order work order of transports
and some weird distinct address issues
we fixed that and we stopped using the
pure info multi adder distinct so
hopefully we can pull that out of there
because it really shouldn't be in there
anyway um hopefully we should be able to
pull that other soon
the p2p there was an issue with the
config being too restrictive with the
DHT which made some of the to do hang on
question yes
so we pause to answer the question yeah
so for some reason the call got deleted
from this week and next week I don't
have permissions to fix that hopefully
we can get it fixed though but we are
still meeting obviously this week and
next week hopefully we can get that
corrected in the future coming back
the PDP was omitting itself as a
discovered peer that's been fixed did a
bunch of work on the DHT random walk
fixed some bugs there and then added a
full suite of tests so that should be
improved we also added a configuration
delay there um so that we can keep a
longer longer time out and also have the
random walk run sooner some ipfs
interrupts work also added some stuff to
the interface transport to support
multiple multiple to support listening
on an array of addresses which we're
hoping to incorporate into the
async/await updates and then this week
i'm going to continue working on DHT
performance stuff so we can get that
landed in ipfs does anybody have any
questions for me
yeah do you think you'll have time to
for the polling place requests yes yeah
I can look at that yeah thank you
so yeah I saw I pulled it down and saw
pub/sub was feeling I'm not sure why
that is but I'll check out she was going
with that
perfect Thanks next up bashful hey so I
thought you would read mine as well
so last week I am blood to my career on
some issues with the gossip so basically
she wasn't able to subscribe nor publish
anything I dipped dived in the in her
request and I figure out what the
initial issues that she was having were
and she already fixed them there are a
couple of core even more and I was
several tests failing yet other than
that I looked at interrupt tests for a
penis or pups have a penis where the HD
in HD which were grain before but with
the new releases of Jessup FS and gripe
FS and they weren't merged yet I got all
of them updated only the eye penis over
pops up still as an issue with the flow
from publishing in go ipfs note and
resolving in Jezebel first I will look
at it this way then I neighborhood the
core tests for Ibanez over pasta which
were not being ran arrow and also I
created today APR for a proposal for the
interface connection sink iterators
endeavor so this week I will continue
helping my Keira I am for this week to
get all the tests that she currently has
passing or if or understanding if they
don't make sense at all I I still need
to look at them
then fix that I've been swept up 7-0
issue there I mentioned as well get in
the context of the interface connection
proposal I will create a suit of tests
for for it as well as draft PR for one
of the repos that as the interface
connection badge and I will also aim to
finish epilating all the remaining
JavaScript loop between modules with the
forum badge which is I think I did
almost off of the rapist and I will try
to finish this way that's everything
from my sides there anyone has questions
no go hey guys
so what I have been doing I released the
first version of multi ash engaging with
support for sink awaits I'm doing some
work on the IP NS resolve to support
basically resolving I pianist path with
the domains I had a meeting with a IBF
IPS Tiger team
so more stuff about whom members of
being a recursive because go change the
default from Ike Rico recursive being
false to true
I also been looking into a problem that
all imported about not being to upload a
file bigger than one megabyte still
working on it
so more progressed about the APNs stuff
with DNA's to the interface repo and to
the HTTP client I also just finished the
having support for the file API in the
browser
that's for you Terry
and yeah I need to finish that request
but should be done stay at home and rest
week I'll be working on a penis ovary in
DNS any questions cool alright that
concludes our update sections now we
have any cross team updates we don't
have anything written but Terry do you
have anything doing much more than I
have on pro school but we have now the
file upload functionality merged not the
new tutorial on em FS the ability to
build things that require file uploads
is there there's also a way now to
surface things into the UI like instead
of console logging what's in ipfs and
then making the user open up the console
which they might not know how to do now
you can just have something print under
where they were entering the code so
he's added a bunch of new functionality
there and I'm still working on the em FS
tutorial as my big next project so
there's a new PR because it got
separated out from the rest work there's
a new pair for that if anybody's curious
Bennet
yes sorry the those new Rose conceptions
are all MF s right not regular files API
so ultimately the goal is to do a
tutorial on MF s and a tutorial on files
with not MF s but for right now the
tutorial that I'm building is
specifically MF s in part because it
needs the blog supporting that doesn't
exist and in part because ultimately the
consensus was that MF s is easier and
this is a beginner II content of the two
so yes the tutorial I'm working on right
now is only about ffs okay let that
brings me to the second question are
those tutorials breaking with files
bigger than one megabyte I don't think
I've specifically checked but I could
okay if you find time to do that
just give me a send me a message about
it please okay sure thanks great
did you have a cross team update you
want to give that's so much I think I'm
gonna mess around with test lab a bit
this week and today let's build on it do
meaning to do that for several weeks and
finally time to do it great
alright I think that is going to end it
for us one other note Rushville will be
out on Thursday I think coogo will also
be out on Thursday public holiday in
Portugal other than that unless anybody
has anything else I think we are done
early today
all right everybody we'll see you next
Monday Terry thank you for fixing the
calendar invites so yeah now people
maybe will be here next week ok bye
everyone
you